title: Statistical analysis on usethis.com tool usage patterns
description: ""
category:
tags: []


[The Setup](http://usesthis.com/) is a "nerdy interview website asking
people from all walks of life what they use to get the job done". I am
pretty interested in the tools mentioned in the interviews and their
usage patterns. Therefore I created a
[webapp](http://usethistool.appspot.com/) for users to explore the
tools, users, user categories and year trend patterns. With the
[webapp](http://usethistool.appspot.com/), you can find out the answer
to the questions such as:

[What are the most popular hardware and
softwire?](http://usethistool.appspot.com/) For each tool, i.e.
[TextMate](http://usethistool.appspot.com/tool/TextMate), who are using
it? what type of users are using it? What else tools are used by the
users using this tool? How the tool grows during 2009 - 2012?

For each year during 2009-2012, i.e.
[2009](http://usethistool.appspot.com/year/2009), Who are the users
interviewed in this year? what tools these users use? what are the
categories of these users?

[What are the most popular categories do all the users fall
in?](http://usethistool.appspot.com/categories) For each category, i.e.
[designer](http://usethistool.appspot.com/category/designer), who are in
this category? what tools do users in this category use? what is the
trend during 2009-2012?

The Webpp: [Use This Tool](http://usethistool.appspot.com/). A
screenshot:

![image](http://hanxiaogang.com/site_media/static/images/posts/usethistool.jpg)